I decided to pick something a little more humble : Megamind … incredibly handsome criminal genius and master of all villainy . Read on your own time . Open up . Oh , good morning , Warden . Great news : I' m a changed man , and … and I' m ready to re- enter society as a solid citizen . You' re a villain , and you' il always be a villain . You' il never change , and you' il never leave . You' re fun .
You got a present in the mail . Is it a puppy ? From Metro Man . “ To count every second of your 85 life sentences . ” That' s funny . Never thought Metro Man was the gloating type . Oh , but he does have nice taste . I think I' il keep it . Any chance you could give me the time ? I don' t want to be late for the opening of the Metro Man Museum . Oh no .
Looks like you' re gonna miss it , by several thousand years . Oh , am I ? Happy Metro Man Day , Metro City . It' s a beautiful day in beautiful downtown , where we' re here to honor a beautiful man , Metro Man . His heart is an ocean that' s inside a bigger ocean . For years he' s been watching us with his super- vision , saving us with his super- strength and caring for us with his super- heart . Now it' s our turn to give something back . This is Roxanne Ritchi , reporting live from the dedication of the Metro Man Museum . OK , the stuff they make you read on- air , that' s un- freaking- believable . It' s crazy .
I wrote that piece myself , Hal . What I was trying to say was , I can' t believe that in our modern society , they let , like , actual art get onto the news . – Nice save , Hal . – What are we … Like , let' s just get a coffee or something . Come on , it' s time to get in the Metro Man Day spirit . Well , if I were Metro Man , Megamind wouldn' t be kidnapping you all the time . – That' s the first thing . – That' s sweet , Hal . And I' d be watching you , like a dingo watches a human baby . OK , that sounded … – OK , that sounded a little weird . – A little bit . The point is , I would watch you like someone …